Clarify AI Assist (#5708)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/dbt-assist-data.md

#### Does dbt Assist access my warehouse data?

> dbt Assist utilizes metadata, including column names, model SQL, the model's name, and model documentation. No row-level data from the warehouse is used or sent to a 3rd party provider. Such output must be double-checked by the user for completeness and accuracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt Assist utilizes metadata, including column names, model SQL, the model's name, and model documentation. The row-level data from the warehouse is never used or sent to a third-party provider. Such output must be double-checked by the user for completeness and accuracy.
```
